README.md, before:

# Bot-Renia-TG
Codename: Renia, Telegram Bot Foxcons

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites
 - Docker and docker-compose installed as a programme, not install with pip

## Configuration
In `docker-compose.yaml` replace `<TOKEN>` with **your** Telegram bot token

## Running
1. First:
```
docker-compose build
```
2. Then
```
docker-compose up -d
```

## Usage
Just add your bot to a telegram group and ask `/help` :) 

### To stop
```
docker-compose down
```

## Maintaning
 - Logs generated by Renia Telegram bot will be in logs directory.
 - If you want to drop database with existing configurations just delete data directory (you can use `sudo -rf data`) when docker containers are **not** running
 - You can edit configs at http://127.0.0.1:5000/admin/config/ 
![admin_panel.png](docs%2Fadmin_panel.png)

## Adding new editable by GUI commands
Look at this `DiscordCommand.py` code:
```
class DiscordCommand(BaseCommand):
    name = 'discord'

    @command_with_logs
    async def callback(self, update: Update, context: CallbackContext):
        resultFromConfig = requests.get("http://renia-tg-backend:5000/config/discord").text
        await update.message.reply_text(f'Oficjalny serwer Discord Futrołajek: {resultFromConfig}')
 ```

The `http://renia-tg-backend:5000/config/discord` url will respond with value of Config object based on the name given as path param which is `discord`, so, looking at config table above, the responded value will be `abc`

Commit message:

BREAKING CHANGE: add token to .env

README.md, after:

# Bot-Renia-TG
Codename: Renia, Telegram Bot Foxcons

# Getting Started

## Prerequisites
 - Docker and docker-compose installed as a programme, not install with pip

## Configuration

Create `.env` file in root project directory and create an env variable called `TG_TOKEN`.

## Running
1. First:
```
docker-compose build
```
2. Then
```
docker-compose up -d
```

## Usage
Just add your bot to a telegram group and ask `/help` :) 

### To stop
```
docker-compose down
```

## Maintaning
 - Logs generated by Renia Telegram bot will be in logs directory.
 - If you want to drop database with existing configurations just delete data directory (you can use `sudo -rf data`) when docker containers are **not** running
 - You can edit configs at http://127.0.0.1:5000/admin/config/ 
![admin_panel.png](docs%2Fadmin_panel.png)

## Adding new editable by GUI commands
Look at this `DiscordCommand.py` code:
```
class DiscordCommand(BaseCommand):
    name = 'discord'

    @command_with_logs
    async def callback(self, update: Update, context: CallbackContext):
        resultFromConfig = requests.get("http://renia-tg-backend:5000/config/discord").text
        await update.message.reply_text(f'Oficjalny serwer Discord Futrołajek: {resultFromConfig}')
 ```

The `http://renia-tg-backend:5000/config/discord` url will respond with value of Config object based on the name given as path param which is `discord`, so, looking at config table above, the responded value will be `abc`
